[DM-2752] Document how to enable and configure DTLS Connection ID (#1396)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/protocol-integration/lwm2m-bundle/overview.md

In order to use LWM2M, you must be subscribed to the LWM2M-agent application. If the LWM2M-agent is not available in your tenant please contact [product support](/additional-resources/contacting-support/).
{{< /c8y-admon-req >}}

{{< c8y-admon-info >}}

> LWM2M Agent support DTLS Connection ID. Contact your platform administrator if you use LWM2M devices that supports connection IDs and unsure if this feature is enabled.

Reviewer: "LWM2M Agent **supports** DTLS Connection ID." ?

Reviewer 2: The feature is now enabled by default. You can remove the Contact your platform administrator part

Author: Sure, but in all cases if you want to disable it or change it for some reasons, we got to refer to the OPs documentation. Otherwise this is a deep technical information which doesn't says too much to the end customer. Otherwise I would suggest to remove this one and leave only the OPs doc.

> LWM2M Agent support DTLS Connection ID. Contact your platform administrator if you use LWM2M devices that supports connection IDs and unsure if this feature is enabled.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The LWM2M agent supports DTLS Connection ID. Contact your platform administrator if you use LWM2M devices that support connection IDs or if you are unsure if this feature is enabled.
```
